DOCS: Make better clear refunds can be done via MCP (#1241)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/integrations/ecommerce-integrations/magento2/faq/migrating-to-new-plugin.md

### 1. Installation of the new plugin
We recommend to completely remove the deprecated plugin, before installing the new one. If you need help with removing the deprecated plugin, please take a look at our dedicated [FAQ article](/integrations/ecommerce-integrations/magento2/faq/how-to-delete-deprecated-plugin/) for this.

#### 1.1 Refunding orders that have a payment method from the deprecated plugin

> The payment gateways that were in the deprecated plugin will now not be available anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installing the new plugin, the payment gateways available in the deprecated plugin are not available in the new plugin.
```

> This means that online refunds for orders with these gateways can not be done anymore. These orders can be refunded via the MultiSafepay merchant control panel instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Orders made with payment gateways that are unavailable in the new plugin cannot be refunded from the new plugin. Instead, these orders can be refunded via your [MultiSafepay Control](https://merchant.multisafepay.com).
```
